#EXTM3U url-tvg=https://macan.tv/xmltv.php?username=epg&password=epg
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gratis" tvg-logo="" group-title="zozotv", Khusus Tivimate atau Ott navigator
https://channel.mbed.cc/yt.php?id=kJktXIT2U8k
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Gratis" tvg-logo="" group-title="zozotv", zozotv terbaru di sini
https://channel.mbed.cc/yt.php?id=SwYO80ArYv4
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NetTV.MACAN" tvg-name="NET." tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/xFHPJSQ/gfsh.png" group-title="Lokal",NET tv
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Indosiar.MACAN" tvg-name="INDOSIAR" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/wcrkgfG/ETSES.png" group-title="Lokal",INDOSIAR
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Indosiar/sa_dash_vmx/Indosiar.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SCTV.MACAN" tvg-name="SCTV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/VNGfy1H/ETS.png" group-title="Lokal",SCTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCTV/sa_dash_vmx/SCTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RCTI.MACAN" tvg-name="RCTI" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/XsSHVDC/fh.png" group-title="Lokal",RCTI
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="GTV.MACAN" tvg-name="GTV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/crkQhYK/jhyf.png" group-title="Lokal",GTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNCTV.MACAN" tvg-name="MNCTV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/pdx8Gz4/hjmg.png" group-title="Lokal",MNC TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha-->
<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1-->
<!--#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/gtv.png" group-title="Lokal",GTV-->
<!--https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GlobalTV/sa_dash_vmx/GlobalTV.mpd-->

<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha-->
<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1-->
<!--#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/pdx8Gz4/hjmg.png" group-title="Lokal",MNC TV-->
<!--https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV.mpd-->

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/inews.png" group-title="Lokal",iNews
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Trans7.MACAN" tvg-name="TRANS 7" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/zQwF3gV/bfcsr.png" group-title="Lokal",TRANS 7
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TransTV.MACAN" tvg-name="TRANS TV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7G18TQf/sv.png" group-title="Lokal",TRANS TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/rtv.png" group-title="Lokal",RTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ANTV.MACAN" tvg-name="ANTV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Qfk95m3/jfc.png" group-title="Lokal",ANTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVOne.MACAN" tvg-name="TVOne" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ZmHZbbT/YETRY.png" group-title="Lokal",TVOne
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/daaitv.png" group-title="Lokal",DAAI TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/jtv.png" group-title="Lokal",JTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/jaktv.png" group-title="Lokal",JAKTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/balitv.png" group-title="Lokal",BALI TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV/sa_dash_vmx/BaliTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/tvri.png" group-title="Lokal",TVRI
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MetroTV.MACAN" tvg-name="METRO TV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Tt4V9Cw/hcggh.png" group-title="Lokal",METRO TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MetroTV/sa_dash_vmx/MetroTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="KOMPAS TV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/yfPLggK/hfd.png" group-title="Lokal",KOMPAS TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/bs.png" group-title="Lokal",Berita Satu
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/bandungtv.png" group-title="Lokal",Bandung TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="SEA Today" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/SmMjGyq/zcaa.png" group-title="News",SEA Today
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Sea-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/Sea-Channel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/idx.png" group-title="News",IDX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="DW" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1MjwL56/vgj.png" group-title="News",DW TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/arirang.png" group-title="News",Arirang
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/mncnews.png" group-title="News",MNC News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCNews/sa_dash_vmx/MNCNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Bloomberg" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/W6SJcZT/xdghf.png" group-title="News",Bloomberg
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/euronews.png" group-title="News",EuroNews
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/cgtn.png" group-title="News", CGTN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/aljazeera.png" group-title="News",AL JAZEERA English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:- tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo=" " group-title="News",fox News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/cnbcasia.png" group-title="News",CNBC Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/france24.png" group-title="News",France 24
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/bbcworldnews.png" group-title="News",BBC World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/trt.png" group-title="News",TRT World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/rt.png" group-title="News",RT English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/abcaustralia.png" group-title="News",ABC Australia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/cnninternational.png" group-title="News",CNN International
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/cna.png" group-title="News",Channel News Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd

<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha-->
<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1-->
<!--#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/fx.png" group-title="Movies",FX-->
<!--https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FX/sa_dash_vmx/FX.mpd-->

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FOX.MACAN" tvg-name="FOX" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/n0V45gH/zx.png" group-title="Movies",FOX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxChannel/sa_dash_vmx/FoxChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxLife.MACAN" tvg-name="FOX Life" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/rZRwhqn/ngc.png" group-title="Movies",FOX Life
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/STARWorld/sa_dash_vmx/STARWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FOXCrime.MACAN" tvg-name="FOX Crime" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mS62DC1/RDFH.png" group-title="Movies",FOX Crime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxCrime/sa_dash_vmx/FoxCrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FOXMoviesPremiumHD.MACAN" tvg-name="FOX Movies Premium" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/y4ZwgwB/ghfr.png" group-title="Movies",FOX Movies Premium
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FOXMoviesPremium/sa_dash_vmx/FOXMoviesPremium.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FOXActionMoviesHD.MACAN" tvg-name="FOX Action Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ngDt2ys/ht.png" group-title="Movies",FOX Action Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxActionMovies/sa_dash_vmx/FoxActionMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FOXFamilyMoviesHD.MACAN" tvg-name="FOX Family Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/HHzfKmP/ASDZXC.png" group-title="Movies",FOX Family Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxFamilyMovies/sa_dash_vmx/FoxFamilyMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOHD.MACAN" tvg-name="HBO" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/n600MdC/hbo.png" group-title="Movies",HBO
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBO2/sa_dash_vmx/HBO2.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOMalaysia.us" tvg-name="HBO Malaysia" tvg-logo="https://static.epg.best/us/HBO.us.png" group-title="MOVIES",HBO Malaysia
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/Hbo/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Cin.Asia" tvg-logo="https://static.epg.best/ph/Cinemax.ph.png" group-title="Movies",Cinemax
https://liveorigin01.hbogoasia.com:8443/origin/live/main/MAX/index.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOFamilyHD.MACAN" tvg-name="HBO Family" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/TmGc8Tw/gxy.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Family
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOHitsHD.MACAN" tvg-name="HBO Hits" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/pQW1JcG/xyfs.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Hits
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOSignatureHD.MACAN" tvg-name="HBO Signature" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/zX9LRZd/BDZ.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Signature
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Hits.MACAN" tvg-name="HITS" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/86t7VBg/sgtr.png" group-title="Movies",HITS
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HITSMovies.MACAN" tvg-name="HITS Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/d7hB8xd/csw.png" group-title="Movies",HITS Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AXNHD.MACAN" tvg-name="AXN" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/HCcdS4n/jngv.png" group-title="Movies",AXN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KIX.MACAN" tvg-name="KIX" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/8jRb2YX/xgf.png" group-title="Movies",KIX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Thrill.MACAN" tvg-name="Thrill" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/h1WPmPG/VZX.png" group-title="Movies",Thrill
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="WarnerTV.MACAN" tvg-name="Warner TV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cJLLsn0/wstgf.png" group-title="Movies",Warner TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="CinemaWorld" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YhQFDQJ/xrg.png" group-title="Movies",Cinema World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CelestialMovies.MACAN" tvg-name="Celestial Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LYHGVNp/jbv.png" group-title="Movies",Celestial Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/ccm.png" group-title="Movies",Celestial Classic Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SCM.MACAN" tvg-name="Star Chinese Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/VWzPJQ4/FxC.png" group-title="Movies",Star Chinese Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCM/sa_dash_vmx/SCM.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SCMLegend.MACAN" tvg-name="SCM Legend" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/bbcBvxY/zcv.png" group-title="Movies",Star Chinese Movies Legend
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCMlegend/sa_dash_vmx/SCMlegend.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Zee.MACAN" tvg-name="ZEE Bioskop" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/V3mWChh/JJGF.png" group-title="Movies",ZEE Bioskop
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/mncsports.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/PQQfDt9/tsh.png" group-title="Sports",Fight Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="beIN Sports 1 ID" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/vBYkNyY/htdty.png" group-title="Sports",beIN Sports 1
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN1/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN1.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="beIN Sports 2 ID" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/x5dhF5X/RHYSY.png" group-title="Sports",beIN Sports 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2s/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2s.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="FOX Sport 1" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/GnZxD0M/xfh.png" group-title="Sports",FOX Sport 1
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxSportss1s/sa_dash_vmx/FoxSportss1s.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/NyJNdH0/cgyf.png " group-title="Sports",FOX Sports 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxSportss2s/sa_dash_vmx/FoxSportss2s.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/tsrt8S3/nvc.png" group-title="Sports",FOX Sports 3
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxSports3/sa_dash_vmx/FoxSports3.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/soccerchannel.png" group-title="Sports",Soccer Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DisneyChannel.MACAN" tvg-name="Disney Channel" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/D1cGfRm/gcj.png" group-title="Kids",Disney Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DisneyChannel/sa_dash_vmx/DisneyChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DisneyJunior.MACAN" tvg-name="Disney Junior" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hghFSVF/CAzX.png" group-title="Kids",Disney Junior
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DisneyJunior-HD/sa_dash_vmx/DisneyJunior-HD.mpd

<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha-->
<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1-->
<!--#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/disneyxd.png" group-title="Kids",Disney XD-->
<!--https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DisneyXD/sa_dash_vmx/DisneyXD.mpd-->

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CartoonNetwork.MACAN" tvg-name="Cartoon Network" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hHCyN9t/ig.png" group-title="Kids",Cartoon Network
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CartoonNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/CartoonNetwork.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Boomerang.MACAN" tvg-name="Boomerang" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YbKLSR1/gtfj.png" group-title="Kids",Boomerang
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Animax.MACAN" tvg-name="Animax" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jDKvSs3/CVZXS.png" group-title="Kids",Animax
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Nickelodeon.MACAN" tvg-name="Nickelodeon" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JsWTZhx/fz.png" group-title="Kids",Nickelodeon
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NickelodeonJr.MACAN" tvg-name="Nick Jr" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/4m6tX5J/bgfg.png" group-title="Kids",Nick Junior
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Cbeebies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YZDxCg2/ddddddd.png" group-title="Kids",Cbeebies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/kidstv.png" group-title="Kids",Kids tv
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/afn.png" group-title="Lifestyle",AFN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFC/sa_dash_vmx/AFC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/tlc.png" group-title="Lifestyle",TLC
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/fmn.png" group-title="Lifestyle",FMN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/hgtv.png" group-title="Lifestyle",HGTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/lifetime.png" group-title="Lifestyle",Lifetime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/sonyone.png" group-title="Lifestyle",Sony One
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/oktv.png" group-title="Lifestyle",OKTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/visionprime.png" group-title="Lifestyle",Vision Prime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/ie.png" group-title="Lifestyle",Infotainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/wakuwaku.png" group-title="Lifestyle",WakuWaku Japan
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/WakuWakuJapan/sa_dash_vmx/WakuWakuJapan.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/ent.png" group-title="Lifestyle",MNC Entertainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVN.MACAN" tvg-name="tvN" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hFrZwVC/VSDAD.png" group-title="Entertainment",tvN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVNMovies.MACAN" tvg-name="tvN Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/WWfn1fR/XCFX.png" group-title="Entertainment",tvN Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Zee Cinema" tvg-name="ZEE Cinema" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3mKqscL/RGTS.png" group-title="Movies",ZEE Cinema
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeCinema/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeCinema.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/anhuitv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Anhui TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/hunantv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Hunan TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/dragontv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Dragon TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/jiangsutv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Jiangsu TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/xingxong.png" group-title="Entertainment",Xingkong TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/nhkworld.png" group-title="Entertainment",NHK World TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/nhkpremium.png" group-title="Entertainment",NHK World Premium
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/history.png" group-title="Knowledge",History
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/cgtndoc.png" group-title="Knowledge",CGTN DOCUMENTARY
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/besmart.jpg" group-title="Knowledge",Besmart
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/discoverychannel.png" group-title="Knowledge",Discovery
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/bbcearth.png" group-title="Knowledge",BBC Earth
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/animalplanet.png" group-title="Knowledge",Animal Planet
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/ngc.png" group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/natgeowild.png" group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo Wild
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/natgeopeople.png" group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo People
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoPeople/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoPeople.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/crimeinvestigation.png" group-title="Knowledge",Crime Investigation
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/mekkah.png" group-title="Religi",Al Quran Al Kareem
https://cllive.itworkscdn.net/ksaquranlive/token=nva=1626667651~dirs=1~hash=0ebf1903916f9c911a7a3/ksaquran.smil/ksaquran_chunks.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/madinah.png" group-title="Religi",AL Sunnah Nabawi
https://cllive.itworkscdn.net/ksasunnalive/token=nva=1626667649~dirs=1~hash=0e85090d9fca5627eb6bc/ksasunna.smil/ksasunna_chunks.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/tawaf.png" group-title="Religi",Tawaf TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/mekkah.png" group-title="Religi",Al Quran Al Kareem 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/muslimtv.png" group-title="Religi",Muslim TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd
Paste Hosted With By Yam Code
